player: set default cache dir on macOS (#11939)
mpv-player/mpv: DOCS/man/mpv.rst

Note that mpv likes to mix ``/`` and ``\`` path separators for simplicity.
kernel32.dll accepts this, but cmd.exe does not.

FILES ON MACOS
==============

> On macOS the watch later directory is localted at ``~/.config/mpv/watch_later/``
> and caches directory is set to ``~/Library/Caches/io.mpv/``. These directories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS the watch later directory is located at ``~/.config/mpv/watch_later/``
and the cache directory is set to ``~/Library/Caches/io.mpv/``. These directories
```

can't be overwritten by enviroment variables.

> Everything else is similar to `FILES`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everything else is the same as `FILES`_.
```
